We are used to seeing celebrities airbrushed to perfection but this weekend two fabulous famous females have spoken out about their normal bodies. Model Chrissy Teigen proudly showed off her stretch marks in an Instagram post that has been praised by her fans. And the singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband Carey Hart. Scroll down for video . Model Chrissy Teigen was praised this week as she posted a picture of herself to Instagram showing off her stretch marks . Chrissy's fans were happy that she shared the picture, with one of them commenting that 'real women' have stretch marks . Chrissy, 29, posted the picture of her thighs which had clear stretch marks on them saying: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!' She received praise from many fans, such as Instagram user @saraelizabef  who said: 'Love it! Real women have stretch marks #respect'. Another follower, @emmalittle5, commented: 'I have so much respect for you! I have stretchies too and I appreciate someone being real about them and acknowledging them thanks.' Meanwhile, Pink took to Twitter to speak out against those who had commented on her weight at an event she attended to support a doctor friend. She said: 'I can see that some of you are concerned about me from your comments about my weight. 'You’re referring to the pictures of me from last night’s cancer benefit that I attended to support my dear friend Dr Maggie DiNome. The singer Pink hit back at those who criticised her weight at an event recently, saying that she was happy with her body . In a message posted to her Twitter account Pink jokingly referred to herself as 'cheesecake' and said that she felt beautiful in her dress . She continued: 'She was given the Duke Award for her tireless efforts and stellar contributions to the eradication of cancer. But unfortunately, my weight seems much more important to some of you. 'While I admit that the dress didn’t photograph as well as it did in my kitchen, I will also admit that I felt very pretty. In fact, I feel beautiful. 'So, my good and concerned peoples, please don’t worry about me. I’m not worried about me. And I’m not worried about you either:)… . 'I am perfectly fine, perfectly happy, and my healthy, voluptuous and crazy strong body is having some much deserved time off. Thanks for your concern. Love, cheesecake.' And Chrissy and Pink aren't the first stars to make comments about their bodies or to be keen to show off their more natural selves. Kelly Clarkson recently gave an interview to Ellen DeGeneres in which she said that she was used to being bullied about her weight . Recently Kelly Clarkson gave an interview to American chat show host Ellen DeGeneres in which she discussed how she had been facing criticism for her weight for years. She said: 'I’m such a creative person that I yo yo. So sometimes I’m more fit and I get into kickboxing hardcore. And then sometimes I don’t and I’m like.. I’d rather have wine.' 'We are who we are. Whatever size,' Kelly told Ellen, prompting applause from the studio audience. 'You know, if it’s you, you’re just like whatever,' she said. 'I think what hurts my feelings..... is that I’ll have a meet and greet after the show and a girl who is, like, bigger than me will be in the meet and greet and be like, 'wow, if they think you’re big, I must be so fat to them.' In 2012 Girls star and producer Lena Dunham hit back after she was criticised for wearing a pair of short shorts on the red carpet. In 2012 Lena Dunham recieved harsh criticism for this outfit. She said she didn't think a thinner woman would have been criticised in the same way . Lena told her critics: 'I am going to live to be 100, and I am going to show my thighs every day till I die.' She said at the time: 'Last week I wore something to an event...a big top and little shorts, and a bunch of [blog posts] came out that I had been out without pants [trousers],' 'I actually saw it...'Love it or hate it: The no-pants look.' My mom...thought it was so funny. 'My boyfriend was like, 'People seem to be worked up about you going out without pants.' But I didn't go out without pants! I had shorts on.' Lena continued: 'If Olivia Wilde had gone to a party in...little shorts, she might have been on a 'weird dressed list' or been told her outfit was cute. 'I don't think a girl with tiny thighs would have received such no-pants attention. I think what it really was...'Why did you all make us look at your thighs?' 'My response is, get used to it because I am going to live to be 100, and I am going to show my thighs every day till I die.' Tyra Banks' weight has gone up and down over the years and the model says that anyone who doesn't like the way she looks can kiss her fat a** . Former supermodel Tyra Banks similarly hit back after she was subject to mean remarks about her fuller figure. She said: 'To all of you that have something nasty to say about me, or other women that are built like me, women that sometimes or all the time look like this, women whose names you know, women whose names you don't, women who have been picked on, women whose husbands put them down, women at work or girls in school — I have one thing to say to you. Kiss my fat a**!' In 2014 when she was criticised for her appearance at the Golden Globes actress Gabourey Sidibe had the perfect response to her haters. She said: 'To the people making mean comments about my [Golden Globes] pics, I mos def cried about it on that private jet on the way to my dream job last night #jk.'